---
Video: Kiro Autonomous Agent: Extend Your Development Flow and Ship Faster
Video ID: Bpmlhrmv7RI
URL: https://youtu.be/Bpmlhrmv7RI
Duration: 2:36
Creator: AWS Kiro CLI Team
Platform: YouTube
Transcribed using: OpenAI Whisper
---

You're already using the power of AI in your development environment but most AI coding tools only work while you're actively in a session.
The moment you switch tasks or pick up long running work, everything slows down.
You end up rebuilding context, piecing together information across branches, PRs and endless chat threads.
Essentially, you become the thread holding everything together, manually coordinating changes across repositories and managing context alone.
What if your AI agent could step outside the coding session, operating independently to keep work moving?
So you can stay locked in on real priorities.
Introducing Kiro Autonomous Agent, a frontier agent that takes on development tasks asynchronously in the background.
It keeps context alive across sessions and repositories and learns from every interaction.
Kiro helps you ship faster while staying focused on high impact problem solving and innovations.
Picture this, an issue pops up right before an important call.
Instead of waiting until later, you just handed off to Kiro Autonomous Agent.
Kiro taps into your GitHub repositories, builds a plan and informs you before diving in.
Then it gets to work in its own sandbox, cloning repose, creating branches, verifying changes, and making smart decisions, all quietly in the background.
When it's finished, Kiro submits its work for your review.
It even supports multiple tasks in parallel, so you're never waiting on one to finish before the next begins.
Take something like implementing a new feature to add a feedback loop for AI suggestions in your application.
That's not a quick fix.
It's a coordinated update across multiple repositories.
In Kiro.dev, you can simply describe the task in natural language to get started.
While you're gone, it keeps working.
So when you return, you're not starting it ready to code.
You're starting at ready to review.
It provides clear documentation, tests, and works with you to polish the final details.
The result, a new feature built and ready to deploy.
Kiro Autonomous Agent, the agent that extends your flow, takes on development tasks in the background,
carrying context across sessions and repose, learning from every interaction.
So you can focus on what really matters.
Get started today.
