Today I'm going to show you some tips on how to use Kuro and at the same time save some credits.
I have a weather mcp server application open here and let me show you around some of the things
you can do in the latest version of Kuro. First we have this new auto mode at the bottom.
So this actually saves credits versus choosing Claude Sonnet. We really feel like this is the best
model to use if you're just starting out unless you have a very specific use case.
So I would definitely leave it on auto. Next if you go and click on the little Kuro icon in the
left hand side you have some options for spec agent hooks agent steering and mcp servers.
So what I always like to do in any project that I'm in I always like to click the generate steering
docs so it goes through your application and create some detail docs about it. This will then be added
into your context later so that way your Kuro knows more about your application.
So it's done creating the steering docs. One thing I like to do is add additional rules.
So one thing I did here is I created an mcp server. I added mcp server configuration for context
7. That's a great mcp server that can grab documentation. I'd also take a look at some
our AWS documentation mcp servers too. But what I want to do is any time I'm creating new specs
or creating things I want to make sure it uses context 7 or maybe even something with our hooks.
So I'll click the plus arrow here next to agent steering. I'll call this mcp server info.
And then from here I can add additional rules. So I'm going to say always use
context 7 whenever using agents or specs.
And now whenever I use my spectrum and development or using hooks it'll automatically use
the mcp server. So I'll actually have better information while it's creating the specs for me.
I can also click this refine button here and what this will do is it'll look at this
rules file and it'll add some more context to it. You can see here it added additional requirements
refinements and I can make changes to this as I need. Now let's take a look at the spec mode and see
if we can make some improvements to that to save some credits. So I'm going to give it a prompt
add a new weather agent system mcp server to go along with the agent. We're going to create
mcp server and we're going to use an mcp server to help create a better mcp server. It should work out. Let's
write up. So you can see here during the design phase it's actually calling the context 7
server mcp server to grab some more documentation so it knows how to create this design the correct way.
Which is really awesome. You can see here this is what it created. It has a mermaid diagram.
Should pretty pretty accurate to what we need. We're going to move on to the last phase.
Now a brand new feature was .30 of kiro is now it asks you if you like to have the tests be
included or to mark the tests as optional. So this is a nice way to reduce the amount of credits
you're going to use because if you don't create tests obviously you won't have to worry about that.
I always recommend to for people to go through this list and make additional changes to
delete things you don't want. You can always click that update task button at any time or go back
to design your requirements to kind of consolidate or change it. But I like this. I'm going to say yes.
I want to mark the unit tests as optional. Let me show you what that looks like.
All right. So here's the task list and if we scroll down it we'll see some tasks, some tests,
that are marked as optional. So for example right here at the bottom right comprehensive test
it's marked as optional. I can always mark it as required if I want by clicking this button.
Now since we have this task list one thing I like to do is be very specific a good tip when
you're going through this is you can either click on each start task to go through it or I like
to tell kiro exactly what I want. So I'll say please start at task one and end at task 2.1.
And that way I'm very explicit and I tell it exactly what it wants and by the way I do use
please and thank you when I talk to agents because I just like to be polite.
And you can see here now it's starting to start with task one sending at the project
structure and core mcp server foundations and you can see it's in progress and I know it's going to
stop at 2.1. So I hope these tips are helpful for you. One other thing you might want to try is
with the mcp servers I just use context 7 but you could maybe have one connected to your project
management system so you could help grab information from it to be retrieved to be put into the
requirements and design documents to actually make it even quicker to go through this process.
Also make sure you check out the description to find out more information. Thanks.
