---
Video: Let Kiro Do the Work: Automate Your Code and Documentation with Hooks!
Video ID: KtcPB8x6HU0
URL: https://youtu.be/KtcPB8x6HU0
Duration: 14:11
Creator: Girish (Cloud with Girish channel)
Speaker: Girish - AWS Community Builder
Platform: YouTube
Published: 2025-11-02
Transcribed using: OpenAI Whisper (model: tiny)
---

Hi, welcome to my channel Cloud with Grish.
I'm Grish and AWS Community Builder and Cloud Tech Intergest with expertise in delivering
customer focus and business impacting cloud transformation programs of high complexity.
In my previous video, I shared how I used AWS Keyroad Wipe Coding feature to build
a customer lookup API powered by API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB and AWS Sam.
Unlike traditional IDE, Keyroad eGen AI in Able ID that support both spectrum and development
and wipe coding.
In addition to specs and wipe coding, hooks are another powerful features that automate repetitive
task.
These features saves developer valuable time and allow them to focus more on the functional
aspect of software development.
When working on rapid application development, automating repetitive tasks can save significant
time and reduce errors.
Keyroad IDE known for accelerating full-stack app development with AI powered code generation
also supports the hook feature, a powerful way to trigger automatic actions whenever your
code changes.
In this video, I will explore how Keyroad hook feature works using a simple hello word python
program.
I will show how hooks can automatically update a readme file whenever the python code is modified.
I will then add another hook that not only create or update the readme file, but also run
bandit and open source tool that is can python code for common security vulnerability
such as hard coded passwords.
Let's see what did I build and why?
So, I wanted to demonstrate how you know hooks are another value added feature of the
gen AI enabled IDE.
Hooks can automate repetitive tasks such as updating documentation or scanning code for security
vulnerability.
Here are the two hooks I created.
The first hook is for documentation update and the instruction for Keyroad agent are basically
saying that whenever the python source files is modified then review the change and update
the documentation.
So, this is just the instruction for the Keyroad agent.
And the second hook actually takes it one step further though in this scenario is not only
updating the documentation but also running the security scan using bandit.
So, this is another set of instruction for Keyroad agent where I am saying that hey update
the documentation and run the security scanning also.
Now, this is a simple hello word program because the goal was not to build like any
production record but to use a simple function to demonstrate how keyro hooks can automate
repetitive tasks allowing developers to invest their time in building business logic instead
of routine maintenance.
So, read me file can be updated automatically while the developer focus on other more important
business logic and the function creation path.
So, let us look at like before diving in less review the diagram to understand how these
component interact.
So, we have a simple hello word python program.
We also have a bandit package and then we have two keyro hooks one is to update read me.
The second is that update the read me and also run bandit.
Pericles it for this is basically you need to have keyro ID installed and ready to use.
You need to have python, thering install on your local machine and then you also need
the bandit package install for python.
If you don't have bandit package then you just simply run the command pip install bandit.
Let's look at what are hooks in keyro ID.
So, hooks in keyro ID are automated trigger that run specific actions when defined event
occur.
Such as when a file is created, file is saved or file is deleted.
There is also a manual trigger so you can invoke a hook manually.
You can use hook for variety of different scenario.
You can update the documentation automatically.
You can regenerate the API specs when endpoint changes.
You can generate commit message or summary based on the updated code.
You can run the code scan when code is arrayed or updated and many more scenario.
So, hooks being automation directly into your development environment making workflow is smarter
and faster without relying on external scripts.
This is time by letting the AI agent handle repetitive tasks while developers focus
on innovation and quality.
So, here is a example screen where I have a title for the hook.
There is a description and then there is an event and the instruction for the keyro agent.
Let's review the hook.
So, here is a how it this hook is going to function, right?
So, there is a hello word function.
It is a very simple function that I have created.
It is only thing is saying is hello word and basically it is in working that function
here.
Now, because we have a hook configured which is updating the readme file on the saving
save the file event.
So, saving this file will trigger the man this event and you should see the readme file
has been created.
So, readme file will look like this which is basically going to tell you that what
this program is all about and the function definition how you can run this program and
so on.
This is a simple example of how keyro hook took care of creating the readme file based
on the function code.
If you update the code further then keyro will update the readme document to align with
the code.
Now, here is the second hook where update the function code.
So, here we are basically updating the same function and I am adding a parameter this
time that takes the name and then print the message.
So, here like I am also adding a variable to a story hard coded password because I want
to test the second hook which is going to scan for it.
So, here is the function that hello word function I have updated now I have a name and
then I am also saying here password is like just hard coded password, readme underscore
password.
So, now when I save this this will trigger the hook and you should see that readme file has
been updated and because now this hook is doing like second action also so you will see
a code scanning result informing of security vulnerability in the code due to hard coded
password.
So, here I have like this scanning that has been completed and it is saying that scan
has detected this password.
So, this is the bounded package that is doing it right but hook is invoking it.
So, now you will see that there is an update to the readme file because we change the function
and now I have a parameter for that function.
So, readme file has been updated to say that this function this takes a parameter and then
it is also added about the scanning.
So, this is really cool because all I did what put focus on my function code.
And the hook took care of updating the readme file and running this scan as soon as I save
the code because that is the event I can figure the hooks on.
So, let us see it in action quickly I will show you that how it looks like when we repeat
this scenario if I make any change in the function.
So, we will see it in action.
So, let us see it in action.
I have the Kiro ID up here and if you see here I have a Python function just like I was describing
in the video.
So, this function here is taking a parameter and then it is going to like print it.
I also have an hard coded password here.
I also have like here if I go to the Kiro then I will see that I have the hook configured right.
So, I am going to like run this hook here and this hook is configured to get involved on file
saved event just like I was explaining in the video.
So, as soon as I save the file it should trigger the hook.
So, now if I go here and let us look at the readme file also and this is readme file that has been
generated here right.
So, it is saying is giving an example that hey you can use the hello word by passing a parameter
and then it also has noted that it has found like a password hard coded password right.
So, let us go to our function here.
I will close the readme let us go here and what I will do because I need to like make some change
so that I can invoke it right.
So, I save it.
So, let us say I will call it like this password just to make a change and then I have
a word gauge and so I save it.
So, let us save it.
Now, once I save is going to trigger so it has triggered the hook here and let us see that yeah
it did let us see if it found the message.
So, we will look for the message is saying hard coded password string and see it is saying that
issue is that Greece password.
So, if I go in my readme file I should see those changes here right.
So, no changes in the function because I did not change the function definition itself but I do
expect that it has updated the further based on the scanning.
So, if you see here this is the readme file it was saying GB password found but now it
is saying that the hard coded password Greece password because that is what I change in the program.
So, it is pretty cool because I don't have to go back and basically like update the documentation
the hook to care of it.
So, this was a very simple example based on a yellow word but again the intent was not to
create a complicated program but more like show that how a hook can automate some of the
repetitive tasks.
So, in this video I demonstrated how keyro can accelerate development by bringing automation
directly into the development workflow allowing developers to focus more on creativity and
logic rather than repetitive maintenance tasks.
Whether you are updating documentation generating commit message, formatting code or scanning code
hook acts as your silent code developer working in partnership by starting with this small practical
examples and gradually combining them you can create a fully automated environment where
every code change trigger meaningful action.
Experiment with these hooks idea and see how keyro transform your everyday coding experience.
Generative AI is transforming the way code is built and tools like hero makes the process even
easier while debugging can become more challenging as more code is generated with generative AI.
Keyro features such as specs driven development and design documentation generation
can help address the challenge.
I believe this is just the beginning and these tools will continue to evolve rapidly.
I am constantly creating new content on various AWS topics so please take a moment to
like this video and subscribe to the cloud with Greece channel. Your support helps me continue
producing valuable AWS tutorials and workshop. Stay tuned for more exciting content.
