---
Video: Agentic Coding with AWS Kiro: From Vibe to Specs
Video ID: yMMYtcd-Q8o
URL: https://youtu.be/yMMYtcd-Q8o
Duration: 43:04
Creator: AWS Kiro CLI Team
Platform: YouTube
Note: Transcription quality issues detected
---

Qan 2020
presidency
untuk ber первah ettat itu.
Baik istilah terlihat bahawa
alasan menggunakan
untuk memzHe ini negeri
If you have listened to the top before, so sorry,
but hopefully this top is actually interesting enough.
If you're not techie, but you're very interested about AI,
I think this top is something that you might...
You might be interested in,
because it's about wipe coding.
Has we know that wipe coding now?
There are two million 2's out there.
It's probably her, because you took public health,
level, you're public health, now a new one from Google
has anti-gravity, then there is so many of these 2's out there.
And there are all have his own advantages,
have his own features,
and then have his own 2's that might be beneficial to you.
So, at the birth, also has his own
agedic coding, 2's, which is called Kirok.
And I would like to introduce it to you today.
So, I just brief introduction myself.
You can, am I just one hope?
You can comic case.
Actually, I'm working as a data engineering section lead
in one of pharmaceutical companies.
So, I'm a Google developer expert, GD,
machine learning.
I'm also an AWS community, but the machine learning.
So, I found the two communities in Malaysia.
I found that the AI, ML Malaysia use a group.
And I found that Malaysia is a group.
And then another batch that I added to myself,
I found that this AWS AI, ML KL use a group.
So, like far him say, I'm quite active in LinkedIn.
Please do connect me in LinkedIn.
If you have any posts today that you are interested,
you find this talk is interesting.
You get tagged me in LinkedIn.
Like far him say, we want to actually promote
more about AWS office hosting this event.
Okay, so this is the agenda for today.
I'm going to introduce you about Kero.
And then maybe if you're not familiar with what coding,
I will give a brief introduction about what is white coding.
Then I will talk about some of the unique features in Kero.
Okay, so we have something we know that Kero is white coding tools.
By Kero also, there's a special unique features
which is called spec coding.
Red coding, you probably heard before,
but what is spec coding?
So what's the difference between spec coding and what coding?
Then inside Kero, it has something called steering
and it has something called hooks.
So these are the extra features
that you might not find in any other white coding tools out there.
Okay, because in any white coding tools nowadays,
you have to able to connect to MCP.
So Kero is no different.
You also can connect to the model context protocol
that you like to connect to.
And one of the unique things that Kero has recently introduced
is Kero CLI.
That means you also can use Kero,
not just in the VS Code environment IDE.
You also can assess Kero through the command line.
Okay, so of course,
we any talk, the fun part is about the demo
and then I will conclude the session.
Okay, so we know that AI is very great
to assist in many many things.
Now AI is also very, very good
has assistance for coding.
Okay, so now we are in the Asia of what we call
agentic coding.
So agentic coding basically is where the AI
will drive the software development,
the AI agent will autonomously
handle the end-to-end task
and translate your problem, your problem
that you've given by the user
into step-by-step programming steps.
And you will use the relevant tools
and do the testing to make sure the code
that is developed is correct.
And then you edit the code by itself, okay.
So sometimes the code just doesn't compile, okay.
So sometimes you only solve part of the problem.
So we know that if I would just do what coding,
I would just give a problem.
For example, can you develop me a website
like A, B and B.com, okay?
How many of you think that one line
or command will solve will develop anything for you?
Definitely will fail in that
because the problem is too generic
and in a normal software engineering
if you're a software engineer
when you want to develop something, what do you do?
You come up with a specification,
you come up with a maybe a layout,
you define what, the technical requirement,
all the things you probably do before
you actually start the software development.
So what coding, okay, if you just give a problem, okay,
you will not able to understand the actual intent
and able to develop everything
and to end without any problem, okay.
So this is where the spec driven development
or what we call spec coding will come in, okay.
So spec coding, okay,
is actually where you provide a very structured process, okay.
When you define all the specification
to your coding agent, workflow,
we all the tools that you need before
you start the development, okay.
So imagine, you tell the agent,
I want to develop this.
So the agent will come up with a specification first, okay.
All the technical specifications,
the requirement, everything.
Then you, your user, okay,
will go through all the specification.
Make sure it's correct.
Then you go, then what happened?
The agent will go in and bring into task by task, okay.
What you need to do and then you review again,
the task and make sure all the tasks are currently performed.
And then the agent also will do the testing.
Make sure every task that's completed,
the agent will test, okay.
The code has performed what is intended to do.
So that is the whole gis of what we call spec coding
or spec driven development.
Okay, so if you have not heard of what coding,
so what coding, what it means by what coding.
So some people have said,
oh, the what coding means I just code with what, okay.
It's not actually.
So what coding basically is you, your user,
just describe what you want to the agent,
the AI agent by giving a prompt.
Then the AI agent will understand your intent
and develop the code, okay.
And then you, your user will work with the AI agent,
do all the testing and refine the code
until the iterative manner
until you've come with the end
when you deploy the code.
So that whole process is called by coding, okay.
So basically a by coding can be you,
a user do not need to know the programming code
in a very detailed manner.
But you probably know what you want, okay.
But, and then you just tell to the agent
and if you work with the AI agent to develop the app, okay.
Until, and then iterate in the iterative manner
until that you get the final result, okay.
So that is why coding.
So how does why coding work with AI agent, okay.
Okay.
So imagine now, they have this task.
You go to error in the code.
And then you tell the agent,
go and find a fixed meter issue.
This is the error, okay.
So you tell it to your agentic coding assistant, okay.
Could be any agent out there.
Could be GPT, GPT.
It could be a clock format,
or it could be a jump line,
or whichever coding assistant out there.
And this coding assistant
will be able to assess your code base.
So if you are programming,
you could be many, many different files.
You have file A, file B, file C, okay.
So the user will have a task
that you need to find an error and fix the issue.
So in Kiro, okay,
you perform as a coding assistant,
you have a choice to choose the model.
So the model available in Kiro is based on clock.
So you have clock model,
which is now format,
format format, okay.
And then you have the memory,
the tools and the memory,
where the memory will remember
all the previous conversation during the interaction
with the user.
And then the tools, for example,
your NCP tools, or assess to data,
assess to NCP,
to those are the tools available to the model, okay.
So in the AI agent, what you will do, okay.
First, you will gather the contacts
of the prompt that's given.
Then you come up with a specification, okay.
You come up with a specification.
And then you break down the specification
into action.
And then you will tell your work with a user,
step, step, step,
action need to be taken.
And this process will go in the very iterative manner,
and at the same time, you're able to assess
all the programming file that you have available to you
by the, to the codec assistant.
Okay.
So if I mentioned just now,
in the traditional,
the software development, okay.
So in the software development,
traditional, what do you do, okay.
So if you are software developer,
you probably start writing the code.
After you finish all the code,
then normally, when you do the deployment,
that's where you start to have a big headache
because you need to do documentation, okay.
So you need to document all the things
that you have developed, okay.
So usually, for any software developer,
to write code is, yes, happy,
to write document is always a crying phase, okay.
But with AI agent, okay.
We are so many AI agent-based code
as you start out there, okay.
So they have cloud-based, like codex,
their web-based,
you probably have VP or lover-ball or board
or five-based studio.
These are all the editor,
but you do not need to install anything
and you can actually write code just to your browser.
Then there's a lot of extension out there
that you can plug in and put into your IDE,
your VS code or whatever.
They're crying, they're rude, they're Gemini,
they're many, many more.
Then there's native app, like cursor, wheel serve.
Then there are things like terminal,
they can run terminal, your cloud code,
either Gemini, CLI, now Kiro also come in.
Here's a native app, which is also a VS code base
and Kiro also has now the Kiro CLI.
So you can see in these AI-based code scene
is quite competitive
and they're different, different favor out there, okay.
So what makes Kiro different
is the approach on the software development,
which is focus on the, this respect,
driven spec coding.
Okay, so we know, this is the command thing in there.
I say, everybody say, I can be a programmer, okay.
I do not need to learn no anything.
I can just give a prompt to the AI agent,
the AI agent will write everything for me.
But suddenly, halfway,
the color error, okay.
You tell the agent, fix this error for me.
Then the agent will tell, yeah, I see the error.
I see now, okay.
Then I'll fix it for you.
He go back and look, look, look, look, look, look.
And then I fix the error already.
Please check.
Then he go back and see the same error still there.
There, you say the error is still there.
Oh, my mistake, my apology, okay.
Let me go and fix it again for you.
Go ahead, fix it, fix it, come back,
fix it to the, then what you need to do,
you probably want to flip your table already.
Okay.
So this is a common problem with that.
Because, okay, we start terming in wrong footing.
Because, we just give a prompt.
We expect the AI agent to understand everything
through the end and develop one with one.
But when we start in the middle,
then that's where the loop will start breaking down
and to debug, wipe holding, sometimes
it's even harder to write your code by yourself.
Okay, sometimes the error is just one,
maybe it's just one bracket.
But then it will take forever to solve it
because you don't know what you're doing
and debugging or wipe holding
can be much more frustrating
than writing your code by yourself.
Okay, so there is where we say,
maybe there's a better way instead of just jumping
into wipe holding, how about we have another approach
where we talk about we start with the specification verse.
We start with the specification
where we define all the things that we want
in the specification
and this specification can be shared
to our your core programmer, your team,
this and this specification
and also can be understood by your AI agent.
Okay, so if you have a proper specification
define earlier before you straight jump into your development,
maybe that can actually resolve
much of the problem that maybe a curl later
during your wipe holding.
Okay, so this is where the spec driven development come in.
Okay, so you start with the specification
then from the specification,
the AI agent will help you to do a plan.
Okay, you plan out what it needs to do.
From the plan, the AI agent will help you
to break it down towards us.
Okay, then you your user has a user
who will be called human in the loop.
Okay, you go to every task
and make sure the task is performed correctly
and then do all the tasks thing for every task
before you move to the next task.
Okay, so there is the process
where you do the implementation.
So, instant driven development, okay,
you come up with a proper specification
and then break it down to a plan
and break it down to task
then you do the implementation.
In this manner, okay,
when you have error, okay,
the AI agent can go back and look
what is the task need to be taken.
What is all you know plan
and what the specification
and that can reduce the iterative error message
that you get probably when during the wipe holding.
So this is the different, okay,
if you are doing wipe holding,
you start with the idea,
three way you do coding, okay,
you three way you do coding
then you do all at all that thing.
You do all adjustment in between
then you get a feature complete, okay.
It looks very nice but usually it's not like that, okay.
And sometimes you do a lot of iterative debugging
in this phase here
that might be very frustrating.
So in respect driven development,
you just like any proper software engineering, okay,
you start with a requirement gathering.
You have a very specific specification drafting,
then you reveal the design
and then you do the implementation
and in between,
every task you do a testing
and you validate before you move to a next task.
And this whole thing here is where the AI agent
help you to do, okay,
compared to just doing just coding itself, okay.
So this is where Kero come in.
So the concept is you can have white coding
and you can have a clarity of specification.
So Kero help you to bridge these two, okay.
Where you have a proper specification
can use the AI agent to do coding
and that's where Kero help come in.
Okay, so if you,
this how a Kero look like,
basically it's just another IDE VS code IDE lah, okay.
So just like your cursor,
just like your wind serve,
just like a VS code,
it's actually another variance of VS code.
But inside here you can see
there's a unique interface of Kero.
So this is where you give the problem, okay.
You have a chat panel here.
So when you start three away,
you can start with white coding if you want.
You can do that.
Another way is you can choose to do
start with a specification, okay.
And this is where you can see the normal VS code interface.
And here you have the what we call the growth button,
the Kero button.
The Kero button later will show you
you can actually go in and start to create
the specification that you want.
So you have a set up bar here,
you have a editor, you can see the code
and then you can have for this restart,
you can choose white coding or spec coding.
So you can see you have the Kero button
on the left.
Once you click the Kero button,
you can see you can select to create
or we call a steering file.
So a steering file basically is where you start
to create the specification from the beginning, okay.
So normally in any this agentic coding tools,
you have something like this.
You have a model, okay.
The model will give you plain text direction
to respond to what you need to use the tools.
The model for example in Kero will be based on
on that.
You will respond to request using the tools
and then the coding assistant will understand
what tool needs to be used, okay.
For example, you the user, okay.
Tell that I have this code,
I need to write it to the main.go file.
So the air agent will understand, okay.
I need to write a code and the code need to be
on this main.go file.
So what he will do,
he will find the main.go file and read the file, okay.
Then for what happened,
then this main.go file will be shown
to the code assistant and then to the,
you actually make changes to the file.
And then once the changes as we made,
you show back to the user, okay.
So this where the whole process is done by the AI agent.
So the model will understand what tools need to be used
and what file need to be added.
And then you actually did the file accordingly.
Okay.
So the first features in Kero
is what we call the steering file, okay.
For it is the steering file.
So steering file basically is to provide
a very overall context about your project.
So Kero, the agent will understand
your own code base, the convention, the requirement, okay.
So to get started,
you just need to go and generate this steering document file
in the Kero panel.
The Kero will generate the project steering file
and store in default.kero slash steering.
So you actually, once the steering file is generated,
it actually has three information.
So what is this product all about?
What is this purpose of this application
you try to edit?
Well, then you can stack,
what the framework, what the structure and convention, okay.
So the agent will go and understand
all your code everything, understand, okay.
And then see what information they can gather
and put into what you call the steering file information, okay.
So this one is for example,
you take a project from gig hub lah
or you have a project that given to you by your colleague, okay.
So before you start doing anything, changes,
you create a steering file first, okay.
So the steering file will content
all these information that is needed.
So for example, I can create generate steering file.
So you can see who generate the steering file
and you can see the steering file with generator
and store in this side panel here.
You can see her product, product, you can see,
product, tech, and structure.
So what are the products all about?
What are the tech, tech, technical, youth
and what is the structural look like, okay.
So in this product, in the steering file first,
you have this one because specification.
So you turn your idea now into a detailed implementation plan, okay.
Now you help the product generate to align
okay, what need to be built, okay.
For example, after you have the steering file generated,
you can say, oh, maybe I want to create this new button
or create this new features, okay.
So now the agent will understand
from the steering file, the specification now
that you want to turn into this new idea,
based on the problem that's given.
So you say, okay, this is the requirement now,
what you want to do.
You break it down, you recommend to a user story, okay.
If your software, if your software engineering,
you know that, okay, we need to break it down
our task into user story.
This is a Zhao methodology.
In the user story, we have a clear acceptance criteria.
Every story, you have acceptance criteria, okay.
Make sure that every story,
if it's considered competent,
there will be a acceptance criteria.
You have a documentation, design,
you track the progress and at the same time,
you can actually communicate, okay,
with your team members, what have happened.
So you can see with this cureau, okay.
If you are into a Zhao,
if you are working in a team manner,
you can see all these things are done for you, okay.
If it's a work coding, you cannot see this, okay.
So you can see, okay.
I want to add a new features.
You give a prompt.
The end what might happen
from this aspect coding,
he will come out with a requirement first, okay.
Just with a prompt,
he will come out with a requirement file,
he will come out with a design file,
he will come out with a task file, okay.
So you, you are a user,
you first go through the requirement.
If this requirement is,
you think it's correct, okay.
Then you accept,
you go in next,
you go to next phase,
you do the design file.
And then you look at design.
If everything is correct,
it's acceptable then from the design file,
it break it down to many, many tasks.
Every single task is like a user story.
And every single task,
there will be a validation and testing.
And to make sure that the task is completed correctly,
all these things will be the action taken by the AI agent.
So you can see,
I just give a prompt, okay.
The aspect coding will come out with this requirement file,
design file and task file, okay.
So from there,
you can see,
you have the three file that you have,
the requirement,
we all the user story,
we all the acceptance criteria,
then you break it down to design.
What are the architecture,
technical architecture,
how do I approach this implementation?
And then from there,
you very discreet,
checkable step by step, task, okay.
So you can see,
if you are a person who are very particular
about knowing every single step,
then you can see this is very good,
because he track every single task for you.
And every single task once is completed,
he will do the internal validation testing with you.
So you can see,
okay, you can see the requirement file, okay.
There are all the requirements,
it's like, actually amount of downfowler.
Then from there, you have the design file, okay.
Then from there, you have a task file, okay.
So once you have the requirement,
you approve the requirement,
then you approve the design,
then you approve all the tasks,
then you can actually use the user,
you can decide, okay.
Execute task by task, okay.
So you reveal the task in the task to MD file,
you execute the task,
you can say, okay,
execute task 1 to task 3,
or execute to task 1.1 to 3.2 something like that.
So you execute the task,
every single task, you can track the progress,
whether it is in progress of done.
And every single task,
usually you will have its own testing and validation.
Get mixture,
the task is currently executed.
So you can see,
you can see the design, the task,
and every single task you can see is in progress.
Every single task,
usually there is a testing, okay.
You test every single task is done
before it moves to the next task.
So if you are tracking this as like a jauh,
you can see all this is one user story,
there's another user story,
you can close it accordingly.
Okay, so that is about spec coding.
So you have first,
you can create a steering file
to understand about the project.
Then once you give a problem, okay.
The key role will come up with three file,
which is the requirement, the design, and the task, okay.
Another feature that's inside a key role
is called hook.
So the hook basically is actually
to actually allow you to do some sort of automation, okay.
For example, if I create a file,
if I save a file or delete a file,
I need to document it somewhere.
You can create that as an automated task, okay.
Or you have a trigger that's something activated, okay.
Or you're specifying file that you want to make sure
that when you're modified,
you want to follow certain patterns.
You can automate this inside what we call hooks.
So for example, here, if I event occur something,
I want it to write a document file, okay.
So that is inside the hook.
So if you have something that repetitively
that you want to do, okay,
anyway, to automate it, okay,
then you can create a hook in key role.
So you can see when you send a prompt to agent
or whenever a key role makes the update
or wherever there's an event occur, okay.
Then you want to do something,
you can automate that as a hook in key role.
Okay.
The next thing is like I mentioned,
any other white coding tools out there, okay.
Definitely you will able to assess
to more the context protocol MCP.
And most of the IDE out there is OEDMCP client, okay.
So you need to just connect to MCP server.
So with MCP in key role,
it also allows you to connect to MCP server.
So you can assess to like specify
as specialized or knowledge base or documentation.
You can integrate with external API or services.
You can connect to the database, okay.
You also can add any MCP server
that you have, you want to to cure,
but just adding the MCP server in the JSON file, okay.
So to add the MCP connect to the MCP,
it just have to go to add in this MCP.js file
just add inside here, okay.
You can just type in there
or you can just type as a prompt
and add ask hero to add this into the MCP.js file.
Okay, so one of the good MCP server
there is recommended is this MCP documentation,
MCP server, and the blessed documentation,
MCP server.
So imagine you're developing something for MCP less, okay.
And then you want to refer something
to the MCP documentation.
So normally what do you do?
Probably you have to go out and do a Google search
and read about the documentation.
Now, if you connect to this
at the best documentation MCP server,
you just have to ask inside your chat panel.
Then you go and dig out the documentation
of Visual Documentation from AWS
and then you can see the result in your chat panel, okay.
So this is a very good MCP server.
So for example, I want to look at
the address of computation, how to trigger lambda, okay.
Because now I'm connected to my MCP server,
I can get the result straight away.
And then you pull out the result for me
without, based on the address of computation,
this is how you do it.
I don't need to go out and Google it.
I can just ask inside my chat panel.
Okay, next one I just want to talk about
is a recently Kiro also introduced another variant
which is the Kiro CLI command line interface.
So we see our line.
Now you also can use this AI agent
just like the task that you have seen
in the Kiro IDE.
You can write review and modify your code
or to make the workflow everything inside your command line, okay.
So if you are a person that I'm a hardcore programmer,
I do not like to see interface
but I want to see everything in the command line.
Now you can also assess to stack coding inside your command line.
You do not need to go to the IDE.
So this command line will understand your code similar
to your IDE version.
It's very adaptive and then you can chat with it.
So the command line also have all these steering foul.
MCP configuration decide the IDE
and then you also have the auto agent
to deliver the best result and the best price for you.
So how do we install?
So basically you just have to code and install this
and then you just type Kiro dash CLI
and you can launch the DSAC Kiro command line.
Okay, so while the features,
unique features in the Kiro CLI.
So you have the interactive chat mode.
Another unique thing is now in the CLI
you can do some custom agent.
You can create and deploy very specialized agent.
Let's take a show example.
You can integrate MCP, you can have similar to your IDE,
you can create hopes, you can create
steering foul, just like any AI agent.
You also complete your code for you.
So you can see you can create custom agent, MCP integration,
smart, core agent steering, and also complete.
So this is one example of an agent.
For example, now you are developing something in a command line.
Then you do not want the AI agent to be very generic.
You want it to be a very specialized agent.
So you say, okay, now I want to call this agent.
This agent is a back end specialist.
And this agent, what is it to do?
He is very expert in building SPSJS API with MongoDB.
So you give a system probe.
You are a back end developer, specialized in the NodeJS,
and SPSJS.
There is not a tool that you are able to do.
You can read the file, write the file, execute batch command.
And then this is a resource available.
But you ask the agent to make sure with the steering file.
And this is all the back end standard that I want you to read before executing anything.
So you can see, this agent now is very specialized agent.
You do not want it to call a very generic AI agent.
There from there.
Now, when I curose the UI, when I do a chat, I call up the back end specialist.
So now, I can say, I can add in the new API,
implying, do some authentication, do some MongoDB schema.
So now with this probe, everything will be based on what the back end agent
is able to do, which is based on this back end specialist agent.
Okay, so you might be intrigued, okay.
It is free, okay.
So people always say that the AWS is no free thing.
But yes, if you are first time trying out with Kiro,
when you sign up, you get 500 bonus free credit for the days,
30 days for new user.
After 30 days, it is still free.
Technically, there is still free, but you only limit to 50 credits.
Okay, so this is, for example, I created a new account today.
I will get something like this, okay.
You can see that once you create account,
if you don't do anything, you get 500 credits for 30 days.
And it's free, okay.
So, of course, you ask you to upgrade the planner.
So if you feel like, oh, start coding is something that I've been looking for,
because I try out web coding, it always fail me.
I want it to be a more organised way of coding.
Then this is how you can choose, okay.
Like I said, after 30 days, okay,
it's still free, yes, you still get 50 credits free,
but beyond that, it's so free.
Then you can upgrade to 20 USD per month,
you get 1000 credit.
If you are pro plus, you get 40 dollar per month,
you get 2000 credit,
that if you are power user, you can pay up to 200 USD per month,
you can like 10,000 credit, okay.
So, you probably ask,
you probably ask, how does the credit work?
Okay, how does the credit work?
So, in the other way,
a credit will be something like,
it's not like a one problem.
It's like probably one problem,
and how much the agent work that will be calculated has per credit.
Okay.
So, sometimes a problem,
and it does something add it to your file,
and it doesn't make any big changes,
that could be consists like zero point one credit.
So, there's no proper way to tell how it calculate,
but every time when you finish something,
you can go and look at usage,
you'll tell it that how much credit you have used up.
Okay.
Okay, so, maybe I will do it tomorrow,
so before I do it tomorrow,
okay.
You can see that QR is very detailed with it.
Okay.
To what do you think,
one of the disadvantage of QR?
No, no, Manila.
The one of these advantage of QR
is people say,
it's over drive by quoting, okay.
That means, for simple thing,
he creates too many file for you, okay?
So, let me show you.
Okay.
So, what I want to do is this,
okay?
So, what I want to do,
I have this app, okay?
Simple app lah,
I want to track my expenses,
but this app,
I want what I want to do,
I just want to create a Google lock-in, okay?
So, I just want to create a sign in something like this, okay?
So, I go to,
I go to QR,
I say I want to create this,
just a button to sign in, okay?
And then this is what happened.
Okay?
So, I don't know whether I can zoom in,
or you can see that, okay?
Actually, my file is very simple,
you can see how many file created,
called spec lah, designer, requirement,
Tesla, product lah, historia.
Many, many, many, many, many, many,
many files I created, okay?
So, if you are person who like to document everything,
good for you, lot of documentation,
but,
because I just want to create one button,
it creates so many files for me.
And so many,
Markdown file for me, okay?
And then this is what happened.
First, I started with something like this,
a problem, okay?
I started with a problem that
I want to create a sign in with Google page.
Then you start creating the steering file,
they create the requirement file,
they create the task file,
they create all this thing, okay?
Good, good, okay?
He started understand why I'm trying to do.
After that, he tried to create this file for me, okay?
All the requirement,
the design, the task,
then to actually,
you can see so many tasks,
and happy lah,
every single task he do a validation,
make sure everything task is correctly,
okay?
You can see there so many tasks.
You know how long to run that whole thing
and make sure that I have a Google sign like this?
So this is, okay?
See this is my tractor lah,
and then there is a sign in there.
You can see now I have a Google button sign, okay?
I'll re-sign it, okay?
So everything work,
but just to create this pattern,
take me forward, okay?
But it's very detailed lah, okay?
And then in between there's some error,
but I just want to say that
if there is something that you want it to be very detailed
and doesn't go wrong,
this could be a very good thing set to do,
but sometimes it could be over driver, okay?
You can see it creates so many McDonald file,
it creates a lot of documentation for me
and it creates a lot of other things for me, okay?
And then these are the, you can see here,
I have this, I have this steering file,
the product,
and then the structure and then the tag.
So everything is treated here,
then I have the, I have the hook,
there's now I say whenever there's any monitor,
the pattern, if anything changed,
I want to create update to documentation,
and then you can see this is my spec, okay?
So the specification,
so you can see all the things that are working fine, okay?
And then this is where the chat will have,
and then if I want to restore up here,
you can see there's a check point up there,
there's a check point,
so if anything that I want to re-vert back,
you can click the restore button,
so there is a check point inside the ID,
if you feel like something that you have done
that you do not want, you want to re-vert,
you can go the restore button,
so everything is nice,
the only drawback, okay?
The only drawback is this,
oops, let me go back to my slides,
oh my slides here,
okay, so you can see,
everything is working fine,
yeah, conclusion,
kira, definitely,
Mark turning point,
where now,
you have a proper way
to actually turn your coding,
and give you a very proper architecture,
and the future now,
there's some belong to people,
just simply combat logic to syntax,
but people who have a very articulate intent,
clarity, and precision,
to allow the system to bring kira
to vision to life, okay?
So what is the pros and cons,
invest my pros and cons,
I didn't show here,
I think I missed the slides, okay?
Anyway,
I just want to say what's the pros and cons,
okay? The pros is,
with kira,
okay?
Definitely,
if you want a proper documentation,
if you want to every single task to be tested,
and very data,
if you want to have a proper user story,
with all the proper documentation,
that's really kira,
is something that,
with spec coding,
it provides for you.
The cons is,
okay? Sometimes,
simple things can be over,
over engineered,
okay?
You create a lot of over this documentation,
that might not be necessary,
but it could be a better way
compared to just a white coding,
when you just give a problem,
if you take it to deliver
end-to-end results to you,
okay?
Before that,
I just want more demo,
which is the kira CRI,
how does it look like?
Okay?
So kira CRI look something like this,
okay?
Let me zoom in.
Okay?
So you guys should see,
ask question, kira,
then you can give a command,
create something,
you create for you,
then similarly,
you can just add it,
then everything is command like,
okay?
So with that,
so I will end the presentation,
thank you very much.
Thank you.
